# Meeting Minutes (9/16 - 9/22)
Week 4

## Meeting #1 - Tuesday 9/17

### Administrivia
* Time: 11:00 AM - 12:20 PM
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204
* Scribe: Greg Terrell

### Agenda
* Discuss SDP issues
  * Fix Timeline issues
  * Update Gantt Chart
* Make work plans for week
  * Complete rough draft of user stories by end of Thursday
    * Don't want to upload anything right before 5 PM Friday
  * Have some user stories uploaded to GitHub prior to class Thursday
* Explore proposed architecture
  * Draw on board a visualization of the planned approach

### Notes
* Mariia: The MSV is missing from the Timeline Gantt chart among other specification documents.
  * Greg: I realized I misinterpreted the instructions and need to update the timeline section. I started writing the page 2 hours before the deadline, causing me to make some mistakes.
* Mariia: Let's complete a rough draft of assignments at least one day prior to the due date so there is time to review our work. This would help resolve any mistakes prior to the deadline. Specifically, let's finish the user stories assignment before Friday this week.
  * Everyone: Agrees
  * Greg: I can fix the timeline and complete one user story by next class.
* Mariia: Also, we need to incorporate test planning into the SDP timeline. It's a requirement for the course.
* Sameer: We need two user stories per person with at least one testing story per graduate student.

### Action Items
These are generally distilled from the notes. Essentially, these are "by the next meetings, _this person_ will take _this action_."
* Greg
  * Complete one user story
  * Fix timeline planning of SDP
  * Update and upload Gantt chart to GitHub
  * Make new section for "Deliverables Rough Draft" on the SDP file
    * Accidentally misinterpreted instructions and produced the wrong content for timeline section but the information can still be useful later on
* Mariia
  *  Complete user stories for developers, user (5) and testing (2).

### Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Gregory Terrell
* Sameer Baig
* Mariia Lozovatska

---

## Meeting #2 - Thursday 9/19

### Administrivia
* **Time**: 11:00 AM - 12:20 PM
* **Location**: Fawcett Hall 204
* **Scribe**: Mariia Lozovatska

### Agenda
* Discuss user stories
  * Review what everybody did
  * Concretize them
* Discuss  dev plan

### Notes
* **Greg, Dipesh**: I've uploaded user stories, what did we think about it?
  * **Mariia**: Maybe we should be more concrete in our user stories, like describing specific features rather than being general.
  * **Sameer, Greg, Dipesh**: Yes, agree, we should break everything down in detail.
  * **Greg**: I can fix it today, but we only have user stories for the user.
* **Mariia**: Okay, I can do the stories for developers and testing.
* **Sameer**: Okay, I will add some stories for the backend developer and/or database.
* **Dipesh**: I can start working on the frontend.
*  **Mariia**: By the way, I can begin working on the design specification.
*  **Everybody**: Agreed.


### Action Items
* **Mariia**:
  * Complete testing and frontend/backend stories.
* **Sameer**:
  * Add stories for the backend developer and database.
* **Greg**:
  * Revise the user stories according to the template.
* **Dipesh**:
  * Determine what tasks we need to complete on the frontend of the project or just start working on it.


### Signatures
If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature.
* Mariia Lozovatska

