# Meeting Minutes (10/7 - 10/14)
Week 7

##  Tuesday 10/8

### Administrivia
* Time: 11:00 AM - 12:20 PM
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204
* Scribe: Mariia Lozovatska

### Agenda
* Final discuss of requirement specification
  * Remove some unnecessary field based on actual Amazon Van Issue Check List.
  * Add feature to distinguish vehicles.
* Meeting minutes management
  * Create W7 meeting minutes
  * Post the data flow diagrams

### Notes
#### Project Management
* Mariia: What are the final thoughts about the requirements?
  * Greg, Dipesh: I think we should rename "Name" to "First Name."
  * Greg: I also suggest adding VIN, license plate, and license state fields, as well as removing "Issue Status." "Issue Type" should be a checklist according to the Amazon DVIC.
  * I also suggest removing "Driver ID" from the second form for clarity.
  * Everyone: Agree.

#### Classwork
  * Everyone: Let's try to draw the actual data-flow diagram for the first login page.
      * Everyone: Draw and discuss: input/output as slanted rectangles, action-based-on-decision as rhombuses.  ![11111](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29ff0c36-c0a4-4396-8765-238f8643c698)

### Action Items
* Mariia
  * Fix in requirements those items: Name -> First Name, remove DriverID from second form, add VIN and license plate, and check type of issue type to checklist. 
### Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Mariia
