# Meeting Minutes (10/14 - 10/24)
Week 8

##  Tuesday 10/15

### Administrivia
* Time: 11:00 AM - 12:20 PM
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204
* Scribe: Mariia Lozovatska

### Agenda
* Discuss futher steps:
  * What we should do to finish first page frontend and start to work on backend.
  * How MV design specification in our case may looks like.
* Meeting minutes management
  * Create W8 meeting minutes

### Notes
#### Project Management
* Greg: I'm working on the UI for the second page now. It's taking time because I'm not familiar with Figma.
* Sameer: I can update the Requirement Specification according to the template, which states that it should use "shall."
* Dipesh: I've finished the frontend for the first page, but I need to discuss if we need to add anything there.
  * Everyone: Could you send it to Discord for further discussion?
  * Dipesh: Ok.
* Mariia: I can work on the Design Specification. I'm considering adding a data flow diagram first, followed by a UML diagram, but the UML diagram is not a top priority at this stage.
 * Everyone: Let's stick with this plan.
* Mariia: By the way, after Dipesh finishes the first page, should we continue with our feature-driven development and complete the first page with backend and database integration as well?
  * Everyone: Yes, that makes sense.
    
### Action Items
* Mariia
  * Begin work on the Design Specification.
* Sameer
  * Update the Requirement Specification: change "must" to "shall."
* Greg
  * Continue developing the UI.
* Dipesh
  * Send the first page for discussion and final editing    
### Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Mariia
* Sameer Baig
* Greg Terrell

##  Thursday 10/24

### Administrivia
* Time: 11:00 AM - 12:20 PM
* Location: Fawcett Hall 204
* Scribe: Greg Terrell

### Agenda
* Attend guest lecture
  * Plan on completing reflection assignment
* Discuss progress
  * Review recent coding progress on the front and backend
* Discuss futher steps:
  * Need to complete design specifications by tomorrow 10/25
  * Clarified what is required for the design specifications
  * Made plans to complete by tomorrow
* Handle meeting minutes


### Notes
#### Project Management
* Mariia: I finished the backend for the front UI page. I just need to upload it to GitHub. Also, Dipesh worked more on coding, we just need to get it uploaded.
  * Everyone: Ok
* Mariia: I am worried about the design specifications due tomorrow; we might need to update the timeline to make it due next Friday.
  * Greg: I think the timeline was finalized a little bit ago; I am not sure if we still have that option.
  * Mariia: Hmm ok, let's take a closer look at what is needed for the assignment.
  * Greg: It appears that we just need a minimum of two diagrams instead of six. Also, I have the figma design for the first UI page that I can add. This will help flesh out the specifications page.
  * Mariia: Ok, I think we can complete it by 5 pm tomorrow. I did create a swim lane diagram and a data flow diagram using computer software. I can upload it to the design specification page later.
  * Greg: Sounds good. Lastly, I can complete the meeting minutes and guest lecture assignment for this week.
  * Everyone: OK
### Action Items
* Mariia
  * Upload code for the first UI page backend
* Sameer
  * Start working on the ER diagram for the first UI page
* Greg
  * Complete meeting minutes, guest lecture assignment, and start on design specs
* Dipesh
  * Upload code to github.
### Signatures
After the notes and action items have been pushed, each person should take a time to review them. If everything is agreeable, push a single commit with your name as a signature. 
* Greg
* 
* 
